# CountriesApp

Application that makes a HTTP request to a country API for information about them.

### ToDo

1. Since the goal ot this practices is to focus on the creation of APPs with Angular and TypeScript, the CSS for mobile devices with equivalent resolution lower than 500px remains to be done.

2. The load of some HTTP request can be reduced limiting it to some parameters, witch could be useful in mobile devices. But since at the moment the visual rendering of them is not fully polished. I prefer to leave it for when I have more free time.

### Application features

1. Modular structure that allows scaling the application in case you want to expand it.

2. Use of a service for communication between the different components.

3. Angular routes, RouterLink and RouterLinkActive.

4. Autocompletion in the search programmed with RxJS ( DebounceTime ).

5. HTTP request handling with SwitchMap thanks to RxJS library.

6. ngClass with ternary conditional to stablish CSS.

7. Inclusion of CSS animations thanks to Animated CSS library.

### Beta Version

[CountriesAPP](https://sweet-salmiakki-409656.netlify.app/)

**Note**, I do not consider the application finished because of the things that remain to be done. However, the programming logic and functionality of the APP are finished.


#### Angular autogenerated notes

>This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.1.
>
>### Development server
>
>Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any >of the source files.
>
>### Code scaffolding
>
>Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate >directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.
>
>### Build
>
>Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.
>
>### Running unit tests
>
>Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
>
>### Running end-to-end tests
>
>Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package >that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.
>
>### Further help
>
>To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
>